# Restaurant-Rating-Prediction 

Every business wants to know if they can succeed or not. 
With the rapid growth of the food industry we have witnessed a rise in the number of restaurants around us. 
A key factor which determines how well a restaurant is doing is their rating on popular apps like zomato. 
We intend to predict this rating for an upcoming restaurant in bangalore. 
We can also recommend the location where the restaurant should be opened for higher rating/profits.
We will be using techniques like linear regression, elastic net regression,
logistic regression, Neural nets or a hybrid model  to make relevant prediction.
We will use various prediction models and finally choose the one that makes the best prediction. 
We can use the confusion matrix as a performance metric.

Can use jupyter-notebook to reproduce our results.
* Change the path to the dataset before trying to reproduce results.
* Dataset used can be found on https://www.kaggle.com/himanshupoddar/zomato-bangalore-restaurants

Linear Regression performed pretty bad with an accuracy of 42% (threshold was ±0.1)
Decision tree regressor performed decent with an accuracy of 87% (threshold was ±0.1)

Steps to reproduce our results:
There are 4 main files with this project
- cleaning & preprocessing
- Linear_reg
- DecisionTreeRegressor
- DecisionTreeRegressor_inference


Download additional dataset generated by us either by transforming or cleaning the original data.

new_zomato.csv - https://drive.google.com/file/d/1bkihxXN9xG-_26wMmT4Xw43lTltheSZl/view?usp=sharing
my_location.csv - https://drive.google.com/file/d/1T6Jc2JYuEyLraedTuMCS6qKu4oPirwzd/view?usp=sharing
infzomato.csv - https://drive.google.com/file/d/1PvDGFXqInuMFyeodVhwMuqHNct-8Qq6u/view?usp=sharing

new_zomato is the dataset after cleaning
my_location and infzomato was used to dynamically retrieve latitude and longitude information from the
data set in order to plot them on maps.

Please download the above three files and the original zomato.csv file from the links provided above

path to zomato.csv must be updated in cleaning & pre processing
path to new_zomato.csv must be updated in Linear_reg DecisionTreeRegressor DecisionTreeRegressor_inference files
path to my_location.csv and infzomato.csv must me provided in DecisionTreeRegressor_inference file

once the paths have been updated the kernal can be restarted and the whole notebook can be re-run.
